Bounded KD Tree

Use: Keep track of bounds for each node. Will allow for moving nodes in 
amortized constant time assuming the nodes are not moved much. When the 
nodes are moved to a new location inside their bounds, the tree structure
is left unchanged and the node's value is simply updated because there is
no violation of the kd-tree property. When the node is moved to a new 
location outside the set bounds, the node is deleted and then reinserted 
with the new value, which will take lgN time (assuming the tree is 
relatively bushy.

Implementation: Each node will have a "bounds matrix" of the form: [x_min 
x_max; y_min y_max; z_min z_max]. These matrices will contain the bounds on 
the node's value. 

Passing matrices: During initialization of the kd_tree, a "passing matrix" 
will be created and originally set to [-infty infty; -infty infty; -infty 
infty]. A copy of the passing matrix will be passed down to each of the 
node's children. Each time it is passed, one (different to each child) 
entry will be modified corresponding with the cutting dimension of the 
parent node and the parent node's current value in that dimension. The 
information in the passing matrix will be copied in directions other than 
the cutting direction (cd). When passing to the right (>) node, the cd_min 
value will be modified to be the parent node's cd coordinate. Likewise, when
passing to the left (<) node, the cd_max value will be set equal to the 
parent node's cd coordinate.

Bounds matrices: Each node will store one bounds matrix. The bounds matrix
will give the bounds on where the node can be moved to. When initializing 
the kdtree, each node will be passed a passing matrix. The bounds matrix
that the node stores will take the points in the passing matrix not
corresponding to the node's cutting dimension. The nodes in the cutting 
dimension will be determined by the list the node is splitting. Once the 
list of points is sorted and the median value chosen for the node, the 
values immediately greater than the node and less than the node in the list
will have their cd coordinate be chosen as the cd_max and cd_min value for
the parent node's bounds matrix. If there less than 3 children in the list
(so the parent node will have one or 0 children) then the information that
is not given by the children nodes will be obtained from the corresponding 
dimension in the passing matrix.

Insertion: Insert like normal. For bounds matrix on the inserted node, keep
a passing matrix like in the creation and at the end of the insertion set 
this passing matrix to be the bounds matrix. At every step in the insertion,
check if the node to be inserted has a value in the cutting direction that 
is inside the current bounds. If it is, update the bound in the cutting 
direction.

Deletion: This is significantly more complicated than regular kd deletion 
(which is already complicated enough). Deleting a point at the bottom of
the tree, if it is sufficiently close to points further up in the tree, 
could have a large effect on the bounds matrices of the points further up.
The basic idea is to have a "flag and polish" implementatation that flags 
each node that needs to have its bounds matrix changed, then "polishes" 
all of the flagged nodes to make their bounds matrices update without the 
deleted point.

Note that although flag and polish will be run for all deletions, the 
deletion will only be complete after with all the bounds matrices updated 
for the case of deleting a leaf node. I still need to determine what else 
needs to be done when deleting an interior node, as the tree structure has 
the potential to change drastically.

Flag and Polish: In the deleting algorithm, nodes will be "flagged" to 
store them for future editing (this is because to polish, we need to find 
the min and max of the tree without the deleted node, so we need to finish 
the deletion first before we can polish). To flag, figure out first if the 
deletion algorithm will recurse down the right or left subtree. If it 
recurses down the left, flag iff bounds(cd, 1) == point(cd), where point 
is the k-tuple representing the point to be deleted. If down the right, 
flag iff bounds(cd, 2) == point(cd). Continue with the deletion, adding all 
flagged nodes to some sort of vector to polish afterwards. To polish, 
determine the cd of the node and exactly which entry corresponds to the 
deleted point (if bounds(cd, 1) is the point, then the min entry was 
deleted, and if bounds(cd, 2) is the point, then the max entry was deleted).
If a minimum entry was deleted, use findMax on the left subtree in the 
cutting dimension and replace bounds(cd, 1) with this node's value in the 
cd. If a max extry was deleted, use findMin on the right subtree in the cd 
and replace bounds(cd, 2) with this value's cd coordinate. **If the left or 
right subtree is nonexistent, then find the polishing value by taking the 
node's parent's parent's parent's (for each dimension, move up a parent. Or 
equivalently, keep going toward the parent until the parent's cutting 
dimension is the current node's cd value) cd value. This is because we know 
the node has to be either > or < the (dim times) parent's cd value, so that 
becomes out new bound if the original bound (in the child node that was 
deleted) needs to be updated.

Potential problems:
1. Moving node A closer to node B then moving node B closer to node A could
   violate the kd property without alerting the tree because the minimax 
   matrices reference copies of values.
   Possible solution (may take lots of space): Have each bounds matrix be a 
   matrix of handle objects (could be a new class or could just point to 
   other nodes), so that when you update the value in one node, you update
   the value in some object that is being pointed to, and in all 
   referencing matrices can just get the value that is being pointed to.

